###################################
April 16, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of April
16, 2014.  See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can now access the `edX Status <http://status.edx.org/>`_ page to get an up-
to-date status for all services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes
the Twitter feed for @edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post
updates.

You can access the public edX `roadmap <https://edx-
wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/Open+EdX+Public+Product+Roadmap>`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course.
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/>`_ You can also download
  the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include: 

  * Updates to `Testing Your Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/releasing_course/view_course_content.html#testing-your-course>`_ to include a section on how to `Switch Between Studio and Your Live Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/releasing_course/view_course_content.html#view-your-live-course>`_.

  * In support of new features, added the following sections to `Multiple Choice <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#multiple-choice>`_ problems:
    
    * `Shuffle Answers in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#shuffle-answers-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
    * `Targeted Feedback in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#targeted-feedback-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
    * `Answer Pools in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#answer-pools-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_

* `edX Data Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_

* `edX Platform Developer Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_


*************
edX Studio
*************

* **Multiple Choice Problem Enhancements**

  Multiple choice problems now support shuffling answers, providing targeted
  feedback, and answer pools. See the following documentation for more
  information:

  * `Shuffle Answers in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#shuffle-answers-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
  * `Targeted Feedback in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#targeted-feedback-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_
  * `Answer Pools in a Multiple Choice Problem <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/problems_tools/common_problems.html#answer-pools-in-a-multiple-choice-problem>`_

* When you import a large course, your browser may time out while the course is
  being imported.  In this situation, the following message is now displayed on
  the Import page: *Your browser has timed out but the server is still
  processing your import. Please wait 5 min and verify that the new content has
  appeared*. (STUD-1283)

* In Studio, the Discussion component is updated with the following text: *To
  view live discussions, click Preview or View Live in Unit Settings*. (FOR-429)

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* When you sent an enrollment email through the Beta Instructor Dashboard to an
  email address that was not registered at edx.org, the registration link in the
  email message was broken. This problem is resolved. (LMS-2217)

* The video player now only shows the HD button when an HD video option is
  available. (BLD-937)

===========================
Accessibility Improvements
===========================

* The PDF viewer used for textbooks was updated and is now accessible to screen
  readers. (LMS-2276)

*************
Discussions
*************

* The Instructor Dashboard is updated so that you can move students between
  cohorts. (FOR-542)